Website
Color Scheme
What do the colors say about their product?
How does it influence their design?

[Penny Arcade](https://www.penny-arcade.com/)

Features a complimentary/split-complementary color scheme utilizing dark blue as the primary color, along with a light blue and bright orange as accent colors.  The site features commentary and comics about video games, so I believe these colors were chosen for their psychological associations; blue is frequently associated with technology, while orange is frequently associated with activity and levity.  Their color choice is effective, and serves the design of the site well.  The orange is used to highlight links to the newest page content, with the light blue highlighting links to regularly updated content (such as their comics) and the dark blue as a backdrop against sharp white text.  It's easy on the eyes, appropriately calls attention to new content, but doesn't distract from the rest of the page so much that you don't read the body text of their posts.

[Slate](http://www.slate.com/)

Primarily features an analogous color scheme with one large exception; magenta and dark purple accents against a predominantly white field, along with occasional violet and powder blue accents for contrast and very rare uses of bright yellow.  The cooler tones are largely effective and convey a sense of professionalism while also differentiating it from other news sites (which overwhelmingly utilize bold, contrasting primary colors), but the yellow is a major mistake, sticking out like a sore thumb and generally appearing unprofessional while also confusing a person's ability to immediately discern importance (yellow DOES NOT mean more important, counterintuitively).  Essentially, the home page looks busy and confusing...it almost looks like somebody who works in print designed it, or somebody tried to design it to resemble a print medium without understanding WHY a print medium doesn't look like a web page.  They would do a lot better by keeping the signature magenta/dark purple contrast that effectively serves as a part of their brand, ditching the use of yellow entirely, and replacing it with the sky blue that they occasionally use as a contrast color against the dark purple, or even ditching both of those and going to a true analogous scheme of magenta/violet/dark purple with white as the contrast color.  It just looks too busy with 5 colors on top of typical black and white, none of which seem to have priority over the others.

Addendum: One thing I thought they did really well...the use of violet consistently indicates subscription-based "Slate Plus" content, and serves as an easy identifier for things you need to pay for.  It's a great idea and fits the main palette, but there were so many colors in their scheme that I didn't notice this until my second viewing.  It's a shame something fairly clever is potentially lost due to bad design choices elsewhere.

[Credit Karma](https://www.creditkarma.com/)

This site utilizes a true split-complimentary color scheme, featuring a teal/seafoam green primary accent with blue and orange for buttons and secondary accents.  It looks really good...the colors they use aren't ones I see all of the time, and replace a generic blue that I see everywhere.  The greenish-blue main color simultaneously evokes technology and commerce, while the blue and orange alternating secondaries work well to establish a general message that says, "we're professional and we leverage complex technology, but that doesn't mean we can't be approachable and friendly."  It's a sharp rebrand, the colors serve the design well (buttons stand out and the structure is easy on the eyes with a natural flow), and this is actually a great example of superior design seperating a product from its competitors.
